Didn't you find an explanation?
The plot of his engagement with Su Qiyu's wedding banquet
It's all sent to me.
The other night
Didn't see him
Did not see
Why did I get into a car accident on my way there?
When I wake up
It's the second day of a car accident.
Then are you alright? Are you alright?
Oh, dear.
The first thing I did when I woke up was to find him
Now.
I just want to hold you in my pain
All back to everyone
Tell me.
The reason why he hasn't forgotten me for so many years
It's because they hate me so much
What hates you?
Zhou Huajin, where does he have the qualifications to hate you?
Is a bastard
No, I have to find the problem first.
Forget it, we are destined
There we go.
Sad
It's yours.
decide me